fix: [M3-8466] - Improve validation rules for create bucket schema (#10842)
linode/manager: packages/validation/.changeset/pr-10842-fixed-1724786185430.md

---
"@linode/validation": Fixed
---

> Error validation for letter casing when creating object storage bucket now correctly appears for labels. ([#10842](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/10842))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lack of `label` error validation for letter casing when creating Object Storage bucket ([#10842](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/10842))
```

Suggestion is based on our [best practices](https://linode.github.io/manager/CONTRIBUTING.html#writing-a-changeset):

> For Fixed changesets, describe the bug that needed to be fixed, rather than the fix itself. (e.g. say "Missing button labels in action buttons" rather than "Make label prop required for action buttons").

> Begin a changeset with a capital letter, but do not end it with a period; it's not a complete sentence.
